Added the image processors part (#26)
Ctrl-Alt-Defeat-Foundation-Models/informatiCup2024Paper: paper.tex

\section{Method}
To test and evaluate the effect of different data augmentation techniques on the detection capabilities of fake image or text detectors, we created a pipeline of three components: The first component is a generator, which is a model capable of generating fake images or texts. The second component is a processor which augments the data through a specified method, after given a generated image or text. The last component is a detector, which suggests an input being either real or fake. This way we can compare it to the ground truth, to evaluate the capabilities of the detector. By comparing the results with augmented artefacts and with the generated ones without augmentation, we can evaluate the effectiveness of different AI detector-tricking techniques.

> We used the aforementioned models for generating and detecting texts and images. As for image processors, one was already given in the description of the "InformatiCup2024" \cite{InformatiCup}, the image noising using the Gaussian noise. Image noise is the random variation of brightness or color information in images produced by the sensor and circuitry of a scanner or digital camera \cite{mohammed2016study}. The reason why the Gaussian one, also called normal noise, is being used, is because it is being caused by natural sources and the most common noise that affects images naturally \cite{mohammed2016study}. \\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We used the aforementioned models for generating and detecting texts and images. As for image processors, one was already given in the description of the "InformatiCup2024" \cite{InformatiCup}, the image noising using the Gaussian noise. Image noise is the random variation of brightness or color information in images produced by the sensor and circuitry of a scanner or digital camera. The reason why the Gaussian one, also called normal noise, is being used, is because it is being caused by natural sources and the most common noise that affects images naturally \cite{mohammed2016study}. \\
```
I think we don't need the source on the first sentence, since when adding it to the next sentence, this refers to the aforementioned content/section.

> There are several types of noise that can affect images. Some of these noise models are: Gaussian noise, White noise, Fractal noise, Salt \& Pepper noise, Periodic noise, Quantization noise, Speckle noise, Poisson noise, Poisson-Gaussian noise, Structured noise, Gamma noise and Rayleigh noise \cite{gonzalez2009digital}. The three common types of image noise are: Gaussian noise, Salt \& Pepper noise, and Speckle noise \cite{al2010comparative}. That is why we used those three, as well as the Poisson noise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several types of noise that can affect images. Some of these noise models are: Gaussian noise, White noise, Fractal noise, Salt \& Pepper noise, Periodic noise, Quantization noise, Speckle noise, Poisson noise, Poisson-Gaussian noise, Structured noise, Gamma noise and Rayleigh noise \cite{gonzalez2009digital}. The three common types of image noise are: Gaussian noise, Salt \& Pepper noise, and Speckle noise \cite{al2010comparative}. This lead us to implement and test those three noises.
```

Author: Yes but we've implemented more than those 3 so this sentence would not be correct

Reviewer 2: Agree to @RaphaW here
